Mariachi images, imagery.
Ooh.
Oh my gosh. Damn. Gonna marinate on that for that a while,
mmh
I heard about the, like the novel, yeah.
Oh.
mmh
Which, which piece by Strauss? Oh, Don Quixote, okay.
Do you have something?
mmh
Uh-mmh
Ooh.
Wow.
mmh
Oh... There's no in-between. Oh! Wow.
I think like first thing that popped off in my head is this song
I don't know if it's by hillsong.
But it's I think it's called a hundred billion times and
I don't like the way they put the lyric in at the ballgame.
because you know everything was created but
there's this part in the song where it talks about like
on a hill you created, you know, like you went there to die like
I
That's such a powerful thing for to like to have in a song like
And it makes it kind of took me back to like wall like
Did all of this, created all of this.
to come and die for us like all of this was crap
So that really hit me hard and every time I'd hear that song I'd be... you know?
um... But that would probably be the one that stuck out.
mmh
Uh-hmm
That song when it first came out is when I decided
to leave my career in Arizona and
move to California for the first time. And
I was scared because you're only leaving your safety and your comfort.
to go do something unknown. So that was a very like theme of my life as a missionary.
Right? So that's one that really resonates too.
and they even play it I think they even played it like in secular stations or like
i heard it like you know like it would be like in the station where they
put like the cool music not like pop but like
You know, stuff that you hear from like the 90s.
the 80's world like...